What exactly is a return, and how do we characterize returns? Take a look at this chart. This is a set of 12 monthly returns of an asset, actually, of two assets. There's the blue asset, and there's the orange asset. Now clearly, they're both different in some way. The blue asset is a lot less volatile, and you can see that it tends to have less variation, and the orange asset is a lot more volatile. But what's interesting is both of these assets have exactly the same monthly return of 1%, so we're looking at 12 returns, that means 12 months, and it's, 1% is the average return of both of these assets. But clearly they are not behaving the same. So right away, we should be able to tell that average returns are not a good way to look at how an asset behaves. The average return can, as we'll see, be quite misleading. And one way of trying to understand the difference between these is by looking at what would happen if you invested in these two assets. So if you look at this chart, what happens is, I've put $1,000 in both of these assets at the start of the year, and I look at how it's done during the course of the year. And you can see the blue asset sort of chugs along and does fairly well, and the orange asset is all over the place. And for a good part of the year, It looks like the orange asset might have been the smart thing to be in, but it actually ends the year lower. Now that's interesting, because remember that I told you, the average return of both of these assets are exactly the same. So the first thing that you should take away from this is, just because the average return, the average monthly return, is the same, doesn't mean that you're going to end up with the same amount of money. In fact, at the end of month 12, you have actually different values. So what we're going to do is really try and understand how do you characterize returns, and what is a good way of thinking about what the returns of an asset are? So let's start at the very, very basics, which is, how do you compute the return? And that's hopefully something you've already done before, it's the return on asset is simply, intuitively, you should think of it as sort of the profit you make if you had bought that asset. So let's look at it over some period, let's say time T to t plus 1,
